
<!-- README.md is generated from README.Rmd. Please edit that file -->

# tbltools

[![Git\_Hub\_Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-0.5.1-orange.svg?style=flat-square)](/commits)
[![Last-Update](https://img.shields.io/badge/updated-2019--02--17-yellowgreen.svg)](/commits)
[![Documentation](https://img.shields.io/badge/docs-online-green.svg)](https://kopflab.github.io/tbltools/reference/)
[![Build
Status](https://travis-ci.org/KopfLab/tbltools.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/KopfLab/tbltools)
[![AppVeyor Build
Status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/github/KopfLab/tbltools?branch=master&svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/KopfLab/tbltools)

## About

The [tbltools](https://kopflab.github.io/tbltools/) package is a
collection of tools for team-based-learning (TBL) style flipped
classrooms.

## Installation

You can install [tbltools](https://kopflab.github.io/tbltools/) from
github with the devtools package. If you do not already have many of the
dependencies installed, this may take a moment.

``` r
# install.packages("devtools") 
devtools::install_github("KopfLab/tbltools")
```

## Functionality

### iRAT/tRAT Generation

The [tbltools](https://kopflab.github.io/tbltools/) package provides
functionality to easily generate Readiness Assessment Tests from a
collection of questions and answers (including images and equations) and
any IF-AT answer key. For an example of how to use this functionality,
see the vignette on [Generating a Readiness Assessment
Test](https://kopflab.github.io/tbltools/articles/assessment_tests.html).

### Peer Evaluations

The [tbltools](https://kopflab.github.io/tbltools/) package also
provides functionality to easily set up a peer evaluation server based
on a student roster and team assignments and then evaluate the collected
data. For an example of how to use this functionality, see the vignette
on [Peer
Evaluations](https://kopflab.github.io/tbltools/articles/peer_evaluations.html).

### Other functionality?

Ideas or suggestions for additional tools that would be helpful for
running a flipped classroom? Let us know by filing a feature request at
<https://github.com/kopflab/tbltools/issues>.

## Open Source

This package is and will always be fully open-source (i.e. free as in
‘freedom’ and free as in ‘free beer’) and is provided as is. The
source code is released under GPL-2. We welcome participation in this
project in all forms from user feedback and bug reports to feature
requests and coding contributions. This project is released with a
[Contributor Code of Conduct](CONDUCT.md). By participating in this
project you agree to abide by its terms.
